one minute response to Jeff Nelson
launching a series of lawsuits against
troll accounts scattered all over the
world the irony from my perspective is
that the first time Jeff got in touch
with me when he sent me these [ __ ]
emails jets whole argument was that I
should not sue durianrider and my
situation with durianrider was much much
much more serious Jeff none of these
people were trying to beat you up in the
streets of chiang mai when during rider
came at me it was a credible threat we
were both in Chiang Mai Jeff none of
these people are destroying your job
prospects by [ __ ] you know by claimed
by making very serious criminal and
sexual allegations against you I gotta
tell you Jeff the outcome of during
writers defamation of me it is real in
my life I do think you know when I was
applying for jobs in Japan the people
doing the job interviews were putting my
name is at Google and what do they see I
do think it's a fact you there and
there's one case where I know it's a
factor I have a new girlfriend when I
was just meeting and getting to know my
new girlfriend I talked to her parents
over skype at another face to face her
parents put my name is a google they
said they found that thanks to them but
she has two brothers I think one of her
brothers put my name into Google finds
this bad [ __ ] about me so you know like
Jeff I do not believe anyone really
thinks you're in remotely so serious the
situation with this definition as I was
with mine is it defamation technically
speaking yes but Jeff you're a liar and
a hypocrite and an [ __ ] because your
whole response to me when I was a very
serious situation apart from publicly
insulting me ridiculing me lying about
me defaming which you did to me Jeff I'd
be in a position to unicore Jeff Nelson
you keep a critical socket [ __ ] but your
whole argument in the friendly emails
you send me because some of your emails
were legit friendly you were trying to
convince me to drop the lawsuit against
terrain writer and you know your main
argument which again I respect to a
limited extent I respect
some extent was that you talked about
how [ __ ] horrible your own past
experiences were with starting lawsuits
and getting involved in the court system
and all this stuff so yes I could quote
your emails back to you the advice you
gave me when you were trying to talk me
out of a lawsuit with during right I get
in my case it is not even a lawsuit the
word lawsuit is very vague in English in
my case I'm simply pressing criminal
charges that's it so it's not like a
civil suit it's not that involuted or
convoluted and it may engine failure
everyone is innocent until proven guilty
and all the time you can pay lawyers and
they do the paperwork and the case is
inconclusive where the judge throws it
out or the judge throws a technicality
or the judge just says justice is not
worth serving in your case go back to
Canada I wouldn't blame the thai court
system for being racist against me in
that sense they may well have the
sentiment that the thai justice system
has better things to do than sort out a
pissing contest between two foreigners
who don't even live in thailand i can
sympathize if my case gets thrown at a
court you say well i did my best i put
together this case in the interest of
justice in the interest of raising the
standards of conduct within the
so-called vegan community community that
doesn't exist a movement that doesn't
exist yet of trying to yes punish
someone legally for taking the name of
veganism and dragging it through the mud
to try to punish someone legally for
taking my name my name that I got to use
when I hand over my CV and apply for a
job my name that my girlfriend's parents
put into Google yes to punish him for
dragging my name through the mud and
Jeff you were one hundred percent wrong
in the advice you gave to me and now
you're not even following that advice
yourself you're starting lawsuits over
complete [ __ ] where you've got
nothing to win you don't have an ethical
[ __ ] leg to stand on you're not
trying to improve and you didn't give a
[ __ ] when it mattered when it matter
when everyone on YouTube was freaking
out and yeah I was breaking down court
cry
youtube holy [ __ ] where everyone was
talking about the conduct of your best
buddy during writer who you still
support you still repeat his defamation
about me I've got a video about that not
so long ago on your [ __ ] blog you
know in obscene in writing of you
repeating the same defamation the same
sexual gives me Jeff I could take your
ass to court and have a ten times better
case then you've got against any of
these people on YouTube I mean you are
making a case out of [ __ ] were you
haven't suffered there are no possible
negative consequences for you you know
this you know that and not only get you
back during writer at a time you back
him after the fact when nobody's back
endearing writer emo what Jorian writer
himself has admitted that he was
trolling and or lying I mean Jeremiah
didn't really apologize but he kind of
just confesses in his stupid way oh yeah
this was all bs whatever look when that
car diversity started Jeff nobody
thought vegan gains was gonna back me up
vegan gains and durianrider were very
much publicly allies and on the same
page nobody was expected nobody was
expecting all the people to stand up and
do the right thing you did and Jeff you
stayed in your seat and when you finally
did stand up you were doing the wrong
thing and you're still doing the wrong
thing now Jeff unlike me you're at an
age where you're already retired you
don't have to take your CV out and apply
for jobs you don't think you have any
new girlfriend's whose parents are going
to put your name into Google and figure
out what kind of guy who I think you're
past that and right Jeff correct me if
I'm wrong I don't think you're out there
hustling the way I'm I don't think this
stuff has the kind of risk of contours
of you so Jeff I want you to think about
the future I want you to think about
your legacy and god damn it I want you
to think about the future of veganism as
a movement somebody has to for [ __ ]
sake Jeff somebody has to